README.md, before:

# Receiptify
Web application inspired by https://www.instagram.com/albumreceipts/. Generates receipts that list out a user's top tracks in the past month, 6 months, and all time.

The application can be viewed at https://receiptify.herokuapp.com/.

## Running the App Locally

This app runs on Node.js. On [its website](http://www.nodejs.org/download/) you can find instructions on how to install it. You can also follow [this gist](https://gist.github.com/isaacs/579814) for a quick and easy way to install Node.js and npm.

Once installed, clone the repository and install its dependencies running:

    $ npm install

### Using your own credentials
You will need to register your app and get your own credentials from the Spotify for Developers Dashboard.

To do so, go to [your Spotify for Developers Dashboard](https://beta.developer.spotify.com/dashboard) and create your application. In my own development process, I registered these Redirect URIs:

* http://localhost:3000 (needed for the implicit grant flow)
* http://localhost:3000/callback

Once you have created your app, load the `client_id`, `redirect_uri` and `client_secret` into a `config.js` file.

In order to run the app, open the folder, and run its `app.js` file:

    $ cd authorization_code
    $ node app.js

Then, open `http://localhost:3000` in a browser.

Commit message:

Update README to explain config.js file location and structure

README.md, after:

# Receiptify
Web application inspired by https://www.instagram.com/albumreceipts/. Generates receipts that list out a user's top tracks in the past month, 6 months, and all time.

The application can be viewed at https://receiptify.herokuapp.com/.

## Running the App Locally

This app runs on Node.js. On [its website](http://www.nodejs.org/download/) you can find instructions on how to install it. You can also follow [this gist](https://gist.github.com/isaacs/579814) for a quick and easy way to install Node.js and npm.

Once installed, clone the repository and install its dependencies running:

    $ npm install

### Using your own credentials
You will need to register your app and get your own credentials from the Spotify for Developers Dashboard.

To do so, go to [your Spotify for Developers Dashboard](https://beta.developer.spotify.com/dashboard) and create your application. In my own development process, I registered these Redirect URIs:

* http://localhost:3000 (needed for the implicit grant flow)
* http://localhost:3000/callback

Once you have created your app, load the `client_id`, `redirect_uri` and `client_secret` into a `config.js` file. This file should be in the root project directory, and it should have the following structure:

`exports.config = {clientSecret: "YOUR CLIENT SECRET", clientID: "YOUR CLIENT ID"};`

In order to run the app, open the folder, and run its `app.js` file:

    $ node app.js

Then, open `http://localhost:3000` in a browser.
